Risk Disclosure – Mutual Fund Investment including High Yield Bond Fund and MU Plus

Below are the major risk factors & disclosures related to Mutual Fund Investments (including High Yield Bond Funds) and Mutual Fund Plus. If you would like to review other risk factors not covered by the following script, please contact your relationship manager or personal banker.

1. Mutual fund investments are not deposits or other obligations of, guaranteed or insured or protected by Citibank N A., Citigroup Inc., or any of their affiliates or subsidiaries, or by any local government or insurance agency or Deposit Protection Scheme.
2. Investments involve risks, including the possible loss of principal amount invested. Below are the major risks factors that may adversely affect the value of the fund.

Market Risk
Fund price may fluctuate due to changes in market factors such as interest rate, exchange rate, credit rating of the issuer or guarantor and inflation rate. 

Concentration Risk
Funds may have concentrated exposure to one or more countries, sectors, or particular types of specialized investment instruments. Consequently, the net asset value of the fund may be more volatile than a diversified fund.

Medium or Smaller Companies Risk
Funds may invest in medium or smaller companies which may result in higher volatility.

Counterparty Risk
Investment may be subject to the credit and default risk of the issuer or guarantor.

Liquidity Risk
There is a risk that investments made by the fund may lack active secondary markets or become less liquid in response to market developments or adverse investor perceptions.

Currency Risk
Funds may hold the assets denominated in non-local currency and be subject to the risk of exchange rate. For currency hedged class, there is no guarantee that such hedging strategy will achieve its desired results.

Derivatives Risk
Funds may invest in financial derivatives such as credit-linked securities, swaps, futures, forwards, and options. They may expose the funds to higher counterparty, liquidity and market risks. 

Emerging markets Risk
Investment in emerging markets will be subject to higher volatility due to higher liquidity risk, currency risk, political risk, regulatory risk and economic risk.
Risks relating to the Fund Strategy
The performance of the fund is dependent on the fund strategy applied and investment decisions made by the Investment Manager, but there is no guarantee that such strategy or decision will produce the desired results. The fund may be subject to early termination risk resulting in substantial losses at the time of sale or distribution.

3. Below are the major risks for funds primarily investing in bonds

Credit risk
Bond issuer or guarantor may not fulfill its payment or other obligations. Credit ratings assigned by credit rating agencies do not guarantee the creditworthiness of the issuer and may be subsequently downgraded due to adverse market conditions.

Interest rate risk
Bonds are more susceptible to fluctuations in interest rates and generally prices of bonds will fall when interest rates rise.

4. For funds investing in High Yield Bonds, they will be subject to higher credit risk. During economic downturns, such bonds typically fall more in value than investment grade bonds. Also, high-yield bond funds may have concentration of investments in particular types of specialized debt or a specific geographical region or sovereign securities.
5. Some high-yield bond funds may not distribute dividends, but instead reinvest the dividends into the fund. On the contrary, some may have discretion on whether or not to make any distribution out of income or capital of the fund. As a result, the capital that the fund has available for investment in the future and capital growth may be reduced. Also, a high distribution yield does not imply a positive or high return on the total investment.
6. Some high-yield bond funds may invest in bonds with special features and risks that warrant special attention. These include bonds like Perpetual Bonds, Subordinated Bonds, Callable Bonds, Convertible Bonds, etc. Some may have variable and or deferrable interest payment terms, or extendable maturity dates. Some may have contingent write down or loss absorption features. 
7. Prices may go down as well as up. Past performance is not indicative of future performance.
8. Actual trade date, settlement date, dividend record date, dividend rate and NAV shall be subject to Fund House Final Announcement.
9. When dealing in the units of the Fund, you may have to pay subscription fee, switching fee, redemption fee, management fee, custodian fee, trustee fee, performance fee, administration fee, registration fee, and other fees and charges that are described in the Fund’s prospectus.
10. The investment decision is yours but you should not invest in the investment product unless the intermediary who sells it to you has explained to you that the product is suitable for you having regard to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives.
11. Citibank is required by certain fund houses (currently Fidelity, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and Janus) to monitor your trades on their funds. You may be blocked from further purchases or switches of their funds if trades are carried out frequently in a short period of time. 
12. The Bank is acting as agent in subscription, switching and redemption of the Funds based on your instructions. Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited or any of its affiliates may act in different capacities in connection with the transaction of the Funds and may receive benefits or profits either directly or indirectly in connection with these transactions.
13. The Customer may receive discount of the Front-end load charge on subscription of funds at the Bank's discretion. The Bank may receive full rebate of the actual (after discount, if any) Front-end load charge on subscription of Class A funds from fund houses.
14. The bank may receive a rebate of up to 4% of the subscription amount on subscription of Class B funds from fund houses.
15. The Bank may receive up to 60% of the fund’s annual management fees as ongoing rebate every year throughout the term of your investment. The rebate is based on the average net asset value of your holdings in the Fund. Please refer to the relevant disclosure in the client subscription document for details.
16. The Bank may receive marketing sponsorship from fund houses.

Customer must acknowledge & confirm the following items before the subscription of mutual funds.

1. You confirm that you have been provided adequate time to read and understand, and you have read and understood the offering documents, fees and charges pertaining to the funds applied for, including but not limited to the prospectus, explanatory memorandum, the latest financial reports, subscription forms and agreements.
2. You understood the nature, structure and risk of the product and all relevant contents in the offering documents. 
3. You will make all necessary representations and warranties set forth in the Offering Documents and undertake to be bound by the same.
4. You understand that most retail products are of risk rating 1 to 4.  Retail leveraged products are of risk rating 5.  Other products of risk rating 5 or 6 are available to Professional Investors only.
5. The total liquid net worth you declared in the Investment Risk Profiling Questionnaire may be used by the bank in any asset concentration assessment conducted. If you had provided limited information to Citibank, it may not be able to conduct the asset concentration risk assessment properly as a result of the limited information. You should consider updating the information in the Investment Risk Profiling Questionnaire to reflect your current situation.
6. Unless otherwise stated by fund house, Mutual Fund is usually for medium to long term investment. You are advised to inform your relationship manager or personal banker immediately and not to proceed with this transaction if it does not match your desired investment horizon.

Below are the disclosures related to “Mutual Fund Plus” Registration

1. The mutual fund subscription day of “Mutual Fund Plus” will be a designated order execution date of each month. If it falls on a Saturday, Sunday or Hong Kong public holiday, the subscription date will be deferred to the next business day.
2. Redemption of mutual fund shares or units under the Plan within 12 months from account opening will be subject to 1% early termination charge of the redemption amount in addition to normal redemption charges (if any);
3. Termination of subscription of the relevant mutual fund (other than a change of mutual funds) in accordance with the Plan prior to the Plan expiry date will be subject to 1% administration charge of the remaining total subscription amount of the Plan.
