Key Terms and Conditions of Citi Credit Card "Quick Cash'' Installment Program  


1. A request by Eligible Cardholder for a loan under the Program will be deemed to be acceptance of the Terms and Conditions by the Eligible Cardholder. The Terms and Conditions shall be in addition and supplementary to and not in substitution or in derogation of Citi Credit Card Agreement, Citi H K T V mall Card Agreement, Citi The Club Credit Card Agreement or Citi Octopus Credit Card Agreement and all other applicable terms and conditions of Citi. 
2. The Eligible Cardholder confirms that this application is not referred by a third party. Availability of the Program is subject to account status checking, available credit limit or loan limit (whichever applicable) at the time the request is received and the final acceptance by Citibank in its absolute discretion. Citibank has the right to revise the final approved loan amount.
3. 7-day Cooling-off
3.1. Subject to Citibank’s approval and performance of Clause 3.2 by an Eligible Cardholder, Citibank may waive the applicable early cancellation fee a k a the “Waiver” if the Eligible Cardholder early repays the Loan in full within 7 calendar days after the Loan approval date as stated in the confirmation letter a k a the “Exercise Period”. 
3.2. To be eligible for the Waiver, the Eligible Cardholder must:
a. Make the request for early repayment of the Loan in full within the Exercise Period by calling CitiPhone Banking Hotline by phone or through the Citi Mobile App (Click on “Help” then “Messaging Service”); AND
b. Repay the Loan in full through Faster Payment System a k a FPS, PPS, JETCO ATM – JET Payment, Cash Deposit via Citibank ATMs with Deposit Service or transfer from savings or checking account with Citibank within the Exercise Period.
3.3. The Waiver applies to early cancellation fee only. Any other charges, fees or interests charged for or in relation to the Loan will not be refunded.
3.4. No Waiver will be offered after expiry of the Exercise Period. Standard interests, fees and charges bracket including without limitation the early cancellation fee will apply to the Loan starting from the Loan approval date.
3.5. If Citibank did not receive the full payment of the Loan before expiry of the Exercise Period, the Loan amount will be subject to daily finance charge until the loan is repaid in full.
4. The approved loan amount will be deducted from the available credit limit or loan limit of the relevant Citibank credit card account upon approval of the application. The credit limit or loan limit will be restored in accordance with your payment. In addition, if the Loan is deducted from the loan limit upon approval of the application, the Monthly Installment Amount shall be deducted from the available credit limit upon such approval until the full settlement of the Loan. 
5. An initial fee will be charged only once. It is calculated by multiplying (1) the Loan; (2) the monthly flat rate from time to time applicable to the Eligible Cardholder ("Monthly Flat Rate"); (3) the number of days from the loan approval date to the first statement date, and divides the total by 30 days. The Initial Fee will be payable on the first statement date. 
6. A monthly fee will be charged monthly from the first statement date until the full settlement of the Loan at the Monthly Flat Rate and payable on each statement date commencing the second statement date. Total Monthly fee is calculated by multiplying (1) the Loan; (2) the Monthly Flat Rate; (3) the number of installments.
7. Cardholder shall repay the Loan by way of monthly installments from the second statement date onwards. The Monthly Installment Amount is calculated by dividing the aggregate of the Loan and all the Monthly Fee by the relevant number of installments. The Annualized Percentage Rate ("APR") of the Loan is calculated in accordance with the method set out in the relevant guidelines issued by the industry associations and is based on a 365-day installment period using Net Present Value method. Citibank shall have the right at its discretion to apportion any installment payment between interest and principal in such manner as it shall desire. 
8. Citibank is not liable or responsible for any loss or delay in sending the check to Cardholder by way of ordinary mail or for any failure or delay in disbursing the Loan to the relevant account unless it results from any negligence or willful default on Citibank's part. Cardholder shall contact Citibank if no reply or no disbursement of the Loan (as the case may be) is received from Citibank after 7 working days of the application. Citibank reserves the right to stop the check or loan disbursement at any time as it deems fit.
9. Cardholder shall indemnify Citibank against all losses suffered by Citibank in relation to any of the following events: 
(a) check is lost, destroyed or otherwise not received (b) The check is not presented within 6 months from the date of the check (c) The bank account is not in the name of Cardholder; or (d) Citibank acts on any instructions or confirmations given by any person whom Citibank believes in good faith to be Cardholder or to have authority to give such instructions or confirmations. 
10. Application cannot be cancelled, changed or reversed once submitted. 
11. Citibank will charge the interest rate and or fees as disclosed at the date of availing the installment loan which shall be applicable during its entire term and no additional fees and finance charge will be charged for this Installment loan, ONLY if Citibank receives (or had received) payment in full of the statement balance stated on your monthly statement of account by the payment due date every month until you have paid all installments. 
However, if Citibank did not receive the full payment of the statement balance as indicated in your current or previous monthly statement of account, (1)the billed principal of monthly installment due in current statement, and (2)any unpaid portion of any previous billed principal of monthly installment(s) in your current statement of account will be subject to daily finance charge as set out in the statement of account. This daily finance charge on the billed principal of installment loan will be charged from one day after statement date till:
a. one day before the payment date of the installment loan, if you pay the full current statement balance on or before the payment due date OR
b. till the date you pay the full current statement balance after the payment due date.
Please note that the installment loan will take more than the scheduled term to pay off in full if only minimum payment due is paid.
In addition, if Citibank does not receive the full payment of the minimum payment due by the payment due date, you must also pay a late charge determined by Citibank and notified to you from time to time; and your credit records will reflect payment delinquency. The above is subject to the terms of Cardholder Agreement governing your Citi Credit Card account. The prevailing finance charge and late charge are available at www.citibank.com.hk/english/credit-cards/pdf/Fee_Schedule.pdf. Please refer to Clause 5.5 of Citi Credit Card Agreement, Clause 5.6 of Citi Octopus Credit Card Agreement, Clause 6.6 of Citi The Club Credit Agreement and Clause 6.7 of Citi H K T V mall Card Agreement for the payment allocation sequence.
For the illustration, please refer to the Appendix of this Terms and Conditions which will be mailed to Cardholder or you can find it on bank’s website.          
12. The minimum payment due of the Monthly Installment Amount shall comprise of (1) 1.5% of current month's billed principal and unbilled principal of the Loan; (2) the Monthly Fee; and (3) the Initial Fee, if any. 
13. Citibank shall have the right at its absolute discretion to request for full payment of the Loan on demand at any time. In the event of cancellation of the Account (or early repayment of the Loan in full) for whatever reason, the following will become immediately due and payable: - (a) the outstanding principal amount, (b) an early cancellation fee equivalent to 4% of outstanding principal amount.  The Eligible Cardholder shall give Citibank at least 7 working days’ notice in advance of the intention to make early repayment. Once given, such notice will not be revocable without Citibank’s prior consent in writing. All paid Monthly Fees and Initial Fee (if applicable) will not be refunded. Partial early repayment will not be accepted. 
14. Citibank prohibits the usage of unsecured loans for investments into Citibank wealth management products and purchase of insurance products distributed through Citibank. 
15. The loan amount under the Program will not be eligible for any Points, Octopus Cash, Cash Rebate, Clubpoints or any other promotional offers. 
16. Cardholder shall inform Citibank as soon as possible of any difficulty in repaying or servicing the Loan over the period of repayment. 

17. All disputes are subject to the final decision of Citibank. 
 “To borrow or not to Borrow? Borrow only if you can repay”

Key Facts Statement for Installment loan

This statement provides you with indicative information about interest, fees and charges of this product but please refer to our offer letter for the final terms of your installment loan. Below are some highlights of Key Facts Statement:

1. Interest Rate

For a loan amount of HK$100,000:

If Loan tenor is 6-month, 12-month, 24-month, range of interest rate will be 0.13% - 1.46%

Interest rate (Monthly Flat Rate) is the basic interest rate shown as a percentage of the loan amount over a month.

2. Annualized Percentage Rate (APR)

For a loan amount of HK$100,000:

If Loan tenor is 6-month, range of APR will be 2.7% - 33.76%
If Loan tenor is 12-month, range of APR will be 2.91% - 35.68%
If Loan tenor is 24-month, range of APR will be 3.01% - 35.39%

Interest is calculated on the basis of 365 days per year. The actual APR applicable may differ. An APR is a reference rate which includes the basic interest rate and other fees and charges of a product expressed as an annualized rate.

3. Annualized Default Interest Rate

If the minimum due of the entire statement balance stated in any monthly statement is not received in full by the payment due date, a finance charge of range between 5.01% - 35.81% will be imposed on the Monthly Installment Amount bracket excluding the Monthly Fee and Initial Fee, if any from the billing date until full payment is credited to the Account in accordance with the Cardholder Agreement. The minimum payment due of the Monthly Installment Amount shall comprise of (1) 1.5% of the current month's billed principal and unbilled principal of the Loan; (2) the Monthly Fee; and (3) the Initial Fee, if any.

What you have listened just now is the Key Points of Terms and Conditions and Key Facts Statement of this Installment loan program. You can log on to our website (www.citibank.com.hk) to get access to the full sets of these two documents. A detailed version of the Terms and Conditions will also be sent by mail after your application is completed. 

We are going to confirm your application now. The system will process your application immediately, and the loan amount will be disbursed to you after the approval. Cancellation of the approved application is subject to the early cancellation fees stated in the Terms & Conditions that you have listened to just now.

