Key Terms and Condition for Citibank Credit Card “FlexiBill” Installment Program and Citi Credit Card “PayLite” Installment Program

1.	Citi Credit Card "FlexiBill" Installment Program and Citi Credit Card "PayLite" Installment Program a k a "the Program" of Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited (“Citi” or “Citibank”) is only applicable to designated Citibank principal credit cardholders each an "Eligible Cardholder" as stated in the terms and conditions set forth herein and as communicated to the Eligible Cardholder from time to time (whether in writing or orally by telephone or otherwise) a k a (the "Terms and Conditions").
2.	A request by Cardholder for a loan under the Program will be deemed to be acceptance of the Terms and Conditions by the Cardholder. The Terms and Conditions shall be in addition and supplementary to and not in substitution or in derogation of Citi Credit Card Agreement, Citi H K T V mall Card Agreement , Citi The Club Credit Card Agreement or Citi Octopus Credit Card Agreement, whichever is applicable (each a "Cardholder Agreement") and all other applicable terms and conditions of Citi. The words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning as in the relevant Cardholder Agreement unless the context otherwise requires. In case of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Cardholder Agreement, the Terms and Conditions shall prevail. 
3.	The Cardholder confirms that this application is not referred by a third party. Availability of the Program is subject to account status checking, available credit limit or loan limit (whichever applicable) at the time the request is received and the final acceptance by Citibank in its absolute discretion. Citibank has the right to revise the final approved loan amount.
4.	The term “Monthly Flat Rate Plan” when used in these Terms and Conditions shall mean a Plan with Monthly Fee charged. Total Monthly Fee is calculated by multiplying (1) the Loan; (2) the Monthly Flat Rate as determined by Citibank; and (3) the number of installments.
5.	The term “One-Time Booking Fee Plan” when used in these Terms and Conditions shall mean a Plan with One-Time Booking Fee charged. The One-Time Booking Fee is calculated by multiplying a percentage of the Loan as determined by Citibank.
6.	The availability of the Monthly Flat Rate Plan or One-Time Booking Fee Plan is assigned to a selected Eligible Cardholder by Citibank in its absolute discretion. The Eligible Cardholder cannot switch between the Monthly Flat Rate Plan and the One-Time Booking Fee Plan after the Program is booked.
7.	Unless otherwise specified, the following clauses will apply to both the Monthly Flat Rate Plan and the One-Time Booking Fee Plan.
8.	7-day Cooling-off

    8.1. Subject to Citibank’s final approval and performance of Clause 8.2 by an Eligible Cardholder, Citibank may waive the applicable 1. early cancellation fee for Monthly Flat Rate Plan and 2. One-Time Booking Fee for One-Time Booking Fee Plan a k a the “Waiver” if the Eligible Cardholder early repays the Loan in full within 7 calendar days after the Loan approval date as stated in the confirmation letter a k a the “Exercise Period”. 

    8.2. To be eligible for the Waiver, the Eligible Cardholder must:

        A. Make the request for early repayment of the Loan in full within the Exercise Period by calling Citiphone Banking Service by phone or through the Citi Mobile App (Click on “Help” then “Messaging”); AND

        B. Repay the Loan in full through Faster Payment System a k a FPS, PPS, JETCO ATM – JET Payment, Cash Deposit via Citibank ATMs with Deposit Service or transfer from savings or checking account with Citibank within the Exercise Period.

    8.3. The Waiver applies to early cancellation fee and One-Time Booking Fee only. Any other charges, fees or interests charged for or in relation to the Loan will not be refunded.

    8.4. No Waiver will be offered after expiry of the Exercise Period. Standard interests, fees and charges (including without limitation the early repayment fee) will apply to the Loan starting from the Loan approval date.

    8.5 If Citibank did not receive the full payment of the Loan before expiry of the Exercise Period, the Loan amount will be subject to daily finance charge until the Loan is repaid in full.

9.	Cardholder must apply the Loan with a minimum amount of HK$ 200. 
10.	
A. 
Application of the Program in relation to any individual transaction must be made 3 business days after the transaction is made or posted to the Citi credit card account a k a the "Account", whichever is later, and must be made 2 business days before the billing date of the transaction, or 
B. 
Application of the Program in relation to the current Statement Balance or a portion of the current Statement Balance must be made 2 business days before the Payment Due Date of the current Statement, or
C. 
Application of the Program in relation to any individual transaction made with Citibank banking account or ATM or Debit Card must be made within 3 days of the relevant transaction.
The following transactions are not valid for this Program: balance transfer, Merchant Installment Plan, Quick Cash Installment Program, auto-pay, cash advance, casino chips, traveler's checks, all fees and charges (e.g. annual fee, finance charges, late charge), and any transaction that has been subject to cancellation, charge-back, returned. The following Citibank banking account or ATM or Debit Card transactions are not valid for this Program: Purchasing insurance or investment products, gambling, loan and card payments, down payments for auto and home purchases, fund transfer to other accounts under your Citibank banking account.
11.	The Loan will be deducted from the available credit limit or loan limit of the Account upon approval of the application. The credit limit or loan limit will be restored in accordance with your payment. In addition, if the Loan is deducted from the loan limit upon approval of the application, the respective Monthly Installment Amount (as defined below) for Monthly Flat Rate Plan and One-Time Booking Fee Plan shall be deducted from the available credit limit upon such approval until the full settlement of the Loan.
12.	For Monthly Flat Rate Plan only: An initial fee will be charged only once and will be payable on the first Statement date. It is calculated by multiplying 		
	    (1) the Loan; 
        (2) the monthly flat rate from time to time applicable to the Eligible Cardholder ("Monthly Flat Rate"); 
        (3) the number of days from the approval date of the Monthly Flat Rate Plan to the first Statement date, and dividing the total by 30 days. 
13.	For Monthly Flat Rate Plan only: A monthly fee will be charged monthly from the first Statement date until the full settlement of the Loan at the Monthly Flat Rate, and payable on each Statement date commencing on the second Statement date. Total Monthly fee is calculated by multiplying (1) the Loan; (2) the Monthly Flat Rate; (3) the number of installments.
14.	For Monthly Flat Rate Plan only: Eligible Cardholder shall repay the Loan by way of monthly installments (the "Monthly Installment Amount for Monthly Flat Rate Plan") from the second Statement date onwards. The Monthly Installment Amount for Monthly Flat Rate Plan is calculated by dividing the aggregate of the Loan and Total Monthly Fee by the relevant number of installments. 
15.	For One-Time Booking Fee Plan only: A One-Time Booking Fee will be charged upfront upon approval of the One-Time Booking Fee Plan. The One-Time Booking fee is calculated by multiplying a percentage of the Loan. Eligible Cardholder shall repay the Loan by way of monthly installments (the “Monthly Installment Amount for One-Time Booking Fee Plan”) from the first Statement date onwards. The Monthly Installment Amount for One-Time Booking Fee Plan is calculated by dividing the aggregate of the loan by the relevant number of installments. 
16.	The Annualized Percentage Rate ("APR") of the Loan is calculated in accordance with the method set out in the relevant guidelines issued by the industry associations and is based on a 365-day installment period using Net Present Value method. Citibank shall have the right at its discretion to apportion any installment payment between interest and principal in such manner as it shall desire.
17.	The Loan amount under the Program will not be eligible for any Points, Octopus Cash, Cash Rebate, Clubpoints or any other promotional offers.
18.	Application cannot be cancelled, changed or reversed once submitted. 
19.	Citibank will charge the interest rate and or fees as disclosed at the date of availing the installment loan which shall be applicable during its entire term and no additional fees and finance charge will be charged for this Installment loan, ONLY if Citibank receives (or had received) payment in full of the statement balance stated on your monthly statement of account by the payment due date every month until you have paid all installments. 
However, if Citibank did not receive the full payment of the statement balance as indicated in your current or previous monthly statement of account, (1)the billed principal of monthly installment due in current statement, and (2)any unpaid portion of any previous billed principal of monthly installment(s) in your current statement of account will be subject to daily finance charge as set out in the statement of account. This daily finance charge on the billed principal of installment loan will be charged from one day after statement date till:
    A. one day before the payment date of the installment loan, if you pay the full current statement balance on or before the payment due date, OR,
    B. till the date you pay the full current statement balance after the payment due date.

Please note that the installment loan will take more than the scheduled term to pay off in full if only minimum payment due is paid.
In addition, if Citibank does not receive the full payment of the minimum payment due by the payment due date, you must also pay a late charge determined by Citibank and notified to you from time to time; and your credit records will reflect payment delinquency. The above is subject to the terms of Cardholder Agreement governing your Citi Credit Card account. The prevailing finance charge and late charge are available at www.citibank.com.hk/english/credit-cards/pdf/Fee_Schedule.pdf. Please refer to Clause 5.5 of Citi Credit Card Agreement, Clause 5.6 of Citi Octopus Credit Card Agreement, Clause 6.6 of Citi The Club Credit Agreement and Clause 6.7 of Citi H K T V mall Card Agreement for the payment allocation sequence.
For the illustration, please refer to the Appendix of this Terms and Conditions which will be mailed to Cardholder or you can find it on bank’s website.
20.	The minimum payment due of the Monthly Installment Amount shall comprise of 
		(1) 1.5% of current month's billed principal and unbilled principal of the Loan; 
		(2) the Monthly Fee (if any); and 
		(3) the Initial Fee or One-time Booking Fee, if any. 
21.	Citibank shall have the right at its absolute discretion to request for full payment of the Loan on demand at any time. In the event of cancellation of the Account (or early repayment of the Loan in full) for whatever reason, the following will become immediately due and payable
		(a) the outstanding principal amount, and
        (b) For Monthly Flat Rate Plan: an early cancellation fee equivalent to 4% of outstanding principal amount. All paid Monthly Fees and Initial Fee (if applicable) will not be refunded.
        (c) For One-Time Booking Fee Plan: No early cancellation fee will be charged.  The paid One-Time Booking Fee will not be refunded.  

Partial early repayment will not be accepted. The Eligible Cardholder shall give Citibank at least 7 working days’ notice in advance of the intention to make early repayment. Once given, such notice will not be revocable without Citibank’s prior consent in writing.

22.	
a. Nothing contained in this Program shall be construed as an obligation on Citibank to offer or continue to offer the Program. 
b. Citibank reserves the right at any time without prior notice vary all or any of the Terms and Conditions, or to replace, wholly or in part, this Program by another scheme, whether similar to this scheme or not, or to withdraw it altogether. 
c. Citibank will not be responsible or liable for any actions, claims, damages, costs, charges and expenses which a cardholder may suffer, sustain or incur by way of this Program. 

23.	All matters are subject to the final decision of Citibank.

24.	Cardholder shall inform Citibank as soon as possible of any difficulty in repaying or servicing the Loan over the period of repayment.  

“To borrow or not to Borrow? Borrow if you can repay”

Key Facts Statement for Installment loan

This statement provides you with indicative information about interest, fees and charges of this product but please refer to our offer letter for the final terms of your installment loan. Below are some highlights of KFS:

1.	For a loan amount of HK$100,000:

Interest Rate

If Loan tenor is 6-month, 12-month, 24-month, range of interest rate will be 0.18% - 1.46%

Interest rate (Monthly Flat Rate) is the basic interest rate shown as a percentage of the loan amount over a month.

One-Time Booking Fee 
If Loan tenor is 6-month, range of One-Time Booking Fee will be 1% - 8.5%
If Loan tenor is 12-month, range of One-Time Booking Fee will be 2% - 15%

One-Time Booking Fee is a fixed fee shown as a percentage of the loan amount.


2.	Annualized Percentage Rate (APR) 

For a loan amount of HK$100,000:
If Loan tenor is 3-month, range of APR will be 0% to 29.45%
If Loan tenor is 6-month, range of APR will be 3.50% to 34.96%
If Loan tenor is 12-month, range of APR will be 4.0495% to 35.68%
If Loan tenor is 24-month, range of APR will be 45.117% to 35.39%

Interest is calculated on the basis of 365 days per year. The actual APR applicable may differ. An APR is a reference rate which includes the basic interest rate and other fees and charges of a product expressed as an annualized rate.

3.	Annualized Default Interest Rate

If the minimum due of the entire statement balance stated in any monthly statement is not received in full by the payment due date, a finance charge of range between 5.01%-35.81% will be imposed on the Monthly Installment Amount (excluding the Monthly Fee and Initial Fee, if any) from the billing date until full payment is credited to the Account in accordance with the Cardholder Agreement. The minimum payment due of the Monthly Installment Amount shall comprise of (1) 1.5% of the current month's billed principal and unbilled principal of the Loan; (2) the Monthly Fee; and (3) the Initial Fee, if any.

What you have listened just now is the Key Points of Terms and Conditions and Key Facts Statement. You can log on to our website (www.citibank.com.hk) to get access to the full sets of these documents. A detailed version of the Terms and Conditions will also be sent by mail after your application is completed. 

I am going to confirm your application now. The system will process your application immediately. Cancellation of the approved application is subject to the early cancellation fees stated in the Terms & Conditions that you have listened to just now.